Early morning on Saturday, 25 March
ViVi is waving to say hello!
And HaSeul is getting her make-up done!
ViVi : It’s three…
ViVi : It’s three thirty!
HaSeul got on full makeup!
HaSeul : Shall we leave to Busan together?
ViVi : It’s like <Train to Busan>!
(She enjoyed the movie)
ViVi : I like zombies~
HaSeul : Do you know that? ViVI likes zombies!
Busan became famous for zombies after the movie made a big hit...
ViVi : I’m a fan of zombies~
HaSeul :I hope you to meet them soon~(?)
ViVi : Yes~!
HaSeul : I think it's traveling to a foreign land to you~
HaSeul : Because Korea isn’t your country!
ViVi :Ah~
HaSeul : Yes, It’s a foreign country for ViVi
(Anyway It’s not wrong…)
HaSeul : Let’s have a fun together in Busan!
HaSeul : Cheer up!
Let’s go! LOOΠΔ TV #Busan!!